## Chapter 358 — No Mercy

This was Yang Kai's first battle after entering the demonic state. While he had long known that he was much stronger in this state compared to his usual self, the final outcome still surprised him.

Without relying on the power of the Proud Bone Golden Body, with his current level, he could at most draw to a stalemate with a practitioner at the second layer of the Divine Roaming Realm.

But now, he completely suppressed them without breaking a sweat, and he hadn’t even used his full strength.

This overwhelming feeling brought him joy, and while Yang Kai reveled in it, he would not lose himself!

Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh...

Attacks surged from the ground like worms burrowing through the earth, striking at the experts from Leiguang and Feihong Courtyard.

The two were shocked and pale, without a moment’s thought, they quickly soared upward.

With a cold laugh, Yang Kai’s heart moved, effortlessly controlling the pitch-black demonic energy, shooting up into the sky. A series of devastating forces left the two increasingly flustered.

Having learned from their previous mistakes, the two no longer dared to flee recklessly, often stopping to work together to fend off the attacks, lest they provoke Yang Kai into unleashing his viciousness upon the powerless young disciples.

However, there were too many attacks, coupled with their minds being influenced by the demonic energy, they could not exert their full strength. In a moment of negligence, both were entangled by the poisonous, snake-like black aura.

At the same time, an incredibly rich black demonic aura suddenly burst forth from within Yang Kai.

A lofty dragon’s roar resonated throughout the heavens and earth.

Everyone turned to look at the source of the sound, instantly rendered speechless.

A gigantic dragon head manifested just above Yang Kai’s head, almost materializing. Its two sharp horns exuded a chilling dark light, and its copper gong-sized eyes ruthlessly stared at the two experts from the Divine Roaming Realm.

Under the gaze of those eyes, Leiguang and the expert from Feihong Courtyard immediately sensed the aura of death.

Swish, swish...

The dragon head swayed, drawing out a large quantity of demonic energy from Yang Kai’s body, gathering into a form, swaying its head and tail, flying towards the sky.

This was a Black Jiao Dragon, filled with evil and rage, with a massive body stretching thirty zhang, creating an inexplicable pressure.

This Jiao Dragon was formed from the dragon-shaped tattoo on Yang Kai’s back, absorbing demonic energy to manifest.

Yang Kai had the dragon-shaped tattoo, while Su Yan had the ice phoenix tattoo.

This should have belonged to the Yin-Yang Dual Cultivation Technique, yet it was inexplicably able to materialize at this moment. Yang Kai only felt a bit of itchiness on his back, casually tried it out, and unexpectedly succeeded.

Wherever the Jiao Dragon passed, the snake-like black demonic energy followed, crowning it in their midst like stars around the moon.

Leiguang and the Feihong Courtyard expert were bound in the air, desperately struggling to break free. Before they could escape, the enormous dragon mouth opened wide, revealing its sharp fangs.

With a crunch, the Divine Roaming Realm expert from Leiguang was instantly bitten in half, blood erupting wildly.

The Jiao Dragon leisurely soared to an altitude of over a hundred zhang, spun in the air, then dove back down, fixing its gaze on the expert from Feihong Courtyard.

Witnessing a companion die before their eyes, and in such a brutal manner, the expert from Feihong Courtyard was left terrified, almost paralyzed under the immense pressure, unable to lift a finger.

Suddenly, this person seemed to have found a glimmer of hope, yelling towards a direction, “Elder Fang, Elder Xu. Help!”

Yang Kai's expression turned cold as he twisted his head to look in that direction, just in time to see two figures of profound light rushing towards him.

They were Xiang Chu’s two guardians!

Both had the strength of the seventh layer of the Divine Roaming Realm, far superior to the experts of Leiguang and Feihong Courtyard. 

While running, they already began attacking the Jiao Dragon from afar, Elder Fang shouted furiously, “Which evil demon dares to harm others!”

With a cold snort, Yang Kai shifted his feet, flying in front of the expert from Feihong Courtyard. With a motion of his hand, he grasped the Shura Sword.

Clang...

Countless sounds of sword ringing filled the air. As he wielded the Shura Sword, an overwhelming amount of sword light surged towards Elder Fang and Elder Xu's attacks.

Boom...

A fierce turbulence erupted in mid-air. Yang Kai was pushed back a few steps by the immense airflow, but he managed to fend off their attacks.

The Jiao Dragon charged down from above, biting into the head of the expert from Feihong Courtyard just before Elder Fang and Elder Xu could get within fifty zhang.

Crunch...

The expert from Feihong Courtyard became a headless corpse in an instant, blood gushing from the neck like a spectacular fountain.

Elder Fang and Elder Xu could only watch in horror, powerless to intervene. Enraged, they attacked without mercy, one morphing into a cloud of mist while the other radiated golden light, unleashing various martial skills towards Yang Kai.

Yang Kai’s expression darkened, no longer the nonchalant demeanor he had before. These two were at the seventh layer of the Divine Roaming Realm, far different from the two trash he had faced earlier.

No longer hiding his power, a thousand blood-red petals suddenly fluttered, accompanied by a refreshing floral fragrance. Each sharp petal transformed into a piercing attack.

Sword light ravaged, sword energy flew, and the White Tiger Divine Ox Seal was unleashed in rapid succession.

In less than ten breaths, Yang Kai was already appearing disheveled. Even utilizing two heaven-grade treasures couldn’t allow him to contend with them.

He was contemplating whether to retreat when two graceful figures hurriedly charged in.

Hu Jiao’er and Hu Mei’er!

Worry shone in their beautiful eyes, and upon seeing Yang Kai unscathed, they sighed in relief. But upon noticing Elder Fang and Elder Xu attacking Yang Kai, their expressions turned furious.

Without saying a word, the two joined forces, attacking one of them.

The Consonant Spirit Technique shone brilliantly at this moment. Their realms were merely at the fourth layer of the True Yuan Realm, but when they brought their powers to the limit, their True Yuan became incredibly abundant, not less than that of a peak True Yuan Realm expert. Their twin swords combined were enough to contend with an average Divine Roaming Realm expert.

If Elder Fang and Elder Xu disregarded their consequences, they could easily subdue them, but since these two were women favored by Xiang Chu, they dared not go all out. For a moment, their moves sloshed like muddy water, too afraid to use their full strength.

Instead, Yang Kai, aided by the Hu sisters, was enough to protect his own safety alongside the Jiao Dragon.

“Ladies!” Elder Fang spoke with a serious tone, “This man is an evil demon!”

“Whatever evil demon he is, I only know he is my friend!” Hu Jiao’er angrily retorted.

“Ladies, hurry and retreat. Don’t mistake the situation and bring disaster upon yourselves!” Elder Xu urged gently.

“If you want to kill him, then you’ll have to kill us too!” Hu Mei’er, though seemingly more delicate than her sister, spoke resolutely.

“He has killed so many from Feihong Courtyard and Leiguang, he has already fallen into the demon’s path. He is no longer the person you once knew; he is now devoid of consciousness and doesn’t recognize you. Quickly leave his side!” Elder Fang said anxiously.

Yang Kai flashed a grin at him, accompanied by the dragon’s roar as the Black Jiao Dragon ferociously lunged at him.

“You overestimate yourselves!” Elder Fang shouted in anger, his profound light spinning, striking the Jiao Dragon’s head. The gigantic Jiao Dragon was pushed back, but Elder Fang was also jolted back a step, watching the thirty zhang long Jiao Dragon with a complicated feeling.

“Stop!” a powerful voice shouted from a distance.

Upon hearing this shout, Elder Fang and Elder Xu hesitated for a moment, then glared at Yang Kai with hatred, hurriedly leaping out of the battlefield.

Hu Jiao’er and Hu Mei’er quickly rushed to Yang Kai's side, concern written all over their faces, “Are you alright?”

Yang Kai slowly shook his head, gazing ahead.

Having killed so many from Leiguang and Feihong Courtyard, his goals had already been fulfilled. With the protection of the Jiao Dragon, Yang Kai could leave whenever he pleased; even Elder Fang and Elder Xu could not detain him.

Now, Yang Kai truly felt invincible.

As he surveyed the scene, Xiang Chu approached with a heavy expression, striding forward with dignity. Even amid such circumstances, he exuded the calm and composure befitting a young master of a prominent family.

Upon seeing the blood and shattered corpses around, a visible pain twisted in Xiang Chu’s eyes.

Swish, swish, swish...

A large crowd appeared behind Xiang Chu; members of the Blood Battle Gang and Fengyu Tower looked around in astonishment, swiftly making their way to Yang Kai.

Guan Chile squinted his old eyes, trembling inwardly. Upon seeing the remains of Leiguang and Feihong Courtyard, his eyes couldn’t help but twitch.

The scene was starkly divided.

Aside from the Blood Battle Gang and Fengyu Tower supporting Yang Kai, everyone else was grouped around Xiang Chu.

Elder Fang and Elder Xu concealed their True Yuan, remaining alert against Yang Kai.

Xiang Chu cast a light gaze at Yang Kai, sensing the overwhelming killing intent emanating from him. He couldn’t help but raise an eyebrow in surprise. His expression shifted as he glanced at the Black Jiao Dragon floating in the air.

He could feel the Jiao Dragon's formidable battle power, and naturally, some greedy and possessive thoughts began to form.

But since this Jiao Dragon was clearly formed from pure True Yuan, Xiang Chu had to abandon that notion.

Scanning his surroundings, Xiang Chu wore a pained expression and asked in a heavy voice, “What happened?”

Elder Fang hurriedly responded, “Young Master, when Elder Xu and I rushed back, we saw this brat enter the demonic state, ruthlessly attacking Cheng Ming from Feihong Courtyard. We were unable to save him from Yang Kai's hands…”

“Cheng Ming is dead?” Xiang Chu finally revealed a hint of genuine surprise.

“Yes.” Elder Fang nodded, pointing to a nearby corpse, “The body is in pieces!”

“How about the expert from Leiguang?” Xiang Chu immediately inquired.

“He died before we arrived.”

Xiang Chu couldn’t help but be moved.

He had tried to overestimate Yang Kai’s combat prowess, yet never expected that his high expectations would still be an underestimation.

Two experts at the second layer of the Divine Roaming Realm had been killed by him. Just how powerful had he become?

“Young Master, that young man has already become a demon, forsaking his kin. Please allow us to take him down and avenge those who have died!” Elder Fang ground his teeth and said.

Xiang Chu frowned as if hesitating.

Hu Jiao’er exclaimed, “Old fool, who says he has become a demon?”