## Chapter 397 — Little Trick

Staring blankly at the Golden Feather Eagle for quite some time, Du Chengbai could only detect hostility from its piercing eyes.

As a falconer for the Yang Family, it was embarrassing for him that he could do nothing about the eagle he had raised for over a decade. What if this news got out? It would be downright laughable! Du Chengbai felt an overwhelming sense of embarrassment, standing there, unsure of how to handle the situation.

Noticing his awkwardness, Yang Kai smiled faintly. He silently drew a drop of Wan Yao Ling Ye from the black book space and gently touched the eagle's beak, delivering the Wan Yao Ling Ye into its mouth. “Don’t harm anyone!”

The eagle flapped its wings slightly, seemingly unwilling, and let out a few cries.

“Be obedient!” Yang Kai furrowed his brow.

Instantly, the wings of the Golden Feather Eagle tucked in, behaving exceptionally well.

Du Chengbai couldn’t help but feel moved. He gazed at Yang Kai in astonishment, his eyes filled with disbelief as he exclaimed, “Young Master, you can communicate with this eagle?”

“Something like that,” Yang Kai nodded.

Du Chengbai instantly revealed an expression of admiration. His Du Family had relied on an ancestral slave beast technique to enter the Yang Family, where he became a falconer specializing in Golden Feather Eagles. He initially thought his slave beast technique was sufficient to make his mark in the world.

But compared to Yang Kai’s miraculous skill, it was indeed worlds apart.

Du Chengbai knew he couldn't reach Yang Kai’s level, even if he cultivated that slave beast technique to its pinnacle. Such wonders were impossible.

At that moment, he was both shocked and appalled. 

There were indeed people in the world who could communicate with demonic beasts to this degree!

Yang Yingfeng's eyes also shone with brilliance, a proud expression on his face. Yang Kai was his son; the more outstanding Yang Kai was, the happier he felt. Although communicating with demonic beasts wasn’t something exceptionally profound, it was still a notable skill.

“Mr. Du!” Yang Kai glanced at Du Chengbai.

Du Chengbai’s expression tightened. He hurriedly said, “No need for that. You can just call me by my name, Young Master.”

No one understood the difficulty of training the Golden Feather Eagle better than Du Chengbai. Yang Kai could make the eagle obedient; naturally, he earned his respect.

“If I want to possess this eagle, what should I do to obtain it?” Yang Kai asked Du Chengbai.

“Want this eagle?” Du Chengbai exclaimed in surprise, looking at Yang Kai with confusion.

“En, to completely own it, and not have it belong to the family!” Yang Kai spoke in a deep voice.

Du Chengbai immediately understood his meaning.

It wasn’t that no direct descendants of the Yang Family had eyed the Golden Feather Eagle, but the eagle was notoriously difficult to tame. Moreover, as a Fifth-Tier demonic beast, it was only equivalent to a True Yuan Realm martial artist; therefore, even if obtained, its utility was limited. As a result, very few had dared to take on such a thankless task.

However, the young master from Fourth Master’s residence was different. He could intuitively communicate with the Golden Feather Eagle. If he could obtain such an extraordinary beast, it would be immensely valuable.

At the very least, it would make a great messenger.

After pondering for a moment, Du Chengbai said seriously, “Young Master, please forgive me, but this eagle belongs to the family. I am merely a falconer and cannot decide to give it to you.”

“I understand that. Now I just want to know how I can make it my own. With all your years raising eagles for the Yang Family, hasn’t anyone taken a few away from you?” 

Du Chengbai shook his head slowly, “No one has ever successfully taken one away, even if the family agreed. The eagle won’t leave its cage.”

Yang Yingfeng frowned and interjected, “If it were a different time, I could use my merits to help you exchange for an eagle, but not now. At this sensitive time, everything must be arranged by yourself!”

Yang Kai nodded, understanding that in a few more days, it would be the contention for the family leadership, and the family would not allow the relatives of those young masters to assist in any way.

Du Chengbai nodded, “As Fourth Master said, one could exchange an eagle for their merits to the family.” After pausing, he smiled bitterly and shook his head, “But Young Master, you just returned to the Yang Family. You have no merits yet.”

“Merits?” Yang Kai raised his brow, “What kind of merit would be enough to exchange for an eagle?”

This point was unclear even to Fourth Master Yang, so he turned to look at Du Chengbai.

The latter replied, “Merits that can bring obvious benefits to the family, such as persuading an entire power to pledge loyalty to the Yang Family, or offering the family some precious treasures, martial skills, and rare elixirs or heaven-and-earth treasures!”

Yang Kai’s eyes brightened, “Mystery-Grade martial skills, would that be sufficient?”

Upon hearing this, not only did Du Chengbai’s expression change, but even Yang Yingfeng was startled.

He never expected that his son had practiced martial skills up to the Mystery-Grade level during these years away. In his memory, there was only a single low-tier Mystery-Grade martial skill within Lingxiao Pavilion, managed solely by Ling Taixu and a few elders; ordinary disciples could not practice it at all.

“Kai’er, you wouldn’t have…” Yang Yingfeng frowned.

“No, I haven’t practiced any martial skills in the sect!” Yang Kai shook his head, knowing his father was worried he might leak secrets about their sect.

Now Yang Yingfeng was even more astonished. If it wasn’t gained from the sect, then where had it come from? Had his son been adventuring outside all these years?

Du Chengbai, on the other hand, kept nodding from the side: “Mystery-Grade martial skills are enough.”

Mystery-Grade martial skills are generally the signature techniques of each power, not accessible to subsequent generations unless chosen as inheritors. Offering a set of Mystery-Grade martial skills in exchange for a Fifth-Tier Golden Feather Eagle was completely reasonable, and the family had no rationale to refuse.

“Should I help you apply to the family for this, Young Master? Generally, all matters regarding the Golden Feather Eagle are processed through me,” Du Chengbai offered eagerly.

“Alright, then I’ll have to count on you, Mr. Du.”

“No need for such formality, Young Master.” Du Chengbai’s face flushed slightly, clasping his fists as he said, “I only hope that you can guide me on the slave beast techniques in your free time; I would be immensely grateful.”

“Of course,” Yang Kai nodded. He was also interested in seeing the Du Family's slave beast techniques, wondering if he could derive something from them to enhance the power of the Slave Beast Seal.

Since the Du Family could serve as falconers in the Yang Family, they must possess aspects of taming demonic beasts that no one else could match. Otherwise, the Yang Family would have long since seized that slave beast technique, and there would be no chance for the Du Family to raise eagles here.

“Then I’ll return to handle this right away. The news should come in a day or two at the shortest, or five to six days at the longest.” Du Chengbai, having received Yang Kai’s promise, displayed a pleased expression, gazing at Yang Kai with anticipation. He glanced at the still-hostile Golden Feather Eagle, feeling slightly awkward, “Young Master, this eagle must return with me for now. Otherwise, if the family questions, I wouldn’t be able to handle it.”

Yang Kai nodded and instructed the Golden Feather Eagle. It immediately spread its wings and soared into the sky, soon returning to its cage.

“Don’t lock it up; it will come to see me every day.” Yang Kai instructed.

“Understood. I will remember that,” Du Chengbai acknowledged, departing in high spirits.

“Impressive!” Yang Yingfeng smiled, unable to help but praise his son.

Yang Kai could only shake his head with a bitter smile, “Just a little trick. Nothing to boast about. I’m heading to the North District now. I probably won’t be back for the next few days; you should tell Mother.”

“En, go ahead.” Yang Yingfeng nodded, not stopping him.

Zhongdu City was too large; if one were to walk, it would take several days to reach the North District. Moreover, flight within Zhongdu was inconvenient to avoid attracting attention. Yang Kai could only take out a Treading Cloud Steed from the residence and ride off.

That night, when Dong Suzhu returned home, she found that Yang Kai had already left, and she couldn’t help but complain to Yang Yingfeng.

Their son had barely been back for two days when he went into seclusion for over a week. Now that he finally came out, he had headed off to the North District again.

Naturally, Dong Suzhu felt saddened.

Fourth Master let her pout and complain without saying a word. When Dong Suzhu’s mood calmed down, he then said, “Kai’er has already prepared the Wan Yao Ling Ye, and he instructed us to take a drop daily.”

Saying this, he took out the Wan Yao Ling Ye that Yang Kai brought previously and placed it on the table.

“A drop?” Dong Suzhu asked with a puzzled expression. “Wasn’t this for treating your injuries? Why do I have to drink it too?”

“Kai’er said that long-term consumption could maintain one’s youth…”

“I want it! I want it!” Dong Suzhu exclaimed excitedly, not waiting for Fourth Master to finish, her previous gloom already cast away.

The couple clearly did not believe that Yang Kai’s elixir could truly maintain youth, but no matter what, it was their son’s good intentions, and even if it was just a drop, it was still sweet!

Fetching a wine cup, Yang Yingfeng carefully poured a drop into his wife’s cup and another drop into his own. They exchanged glances, both frowning.

A drop at a time… it is indeed hard to drink; probably just wetting the lips would make it disappear.

“Why not pour more? It’s harmless, and it also smells pretty good,” Dong Suzhu suggested, her face full of eagerness.

“Sure,” Yang Yingfeng agreed, pouring more into his wife’s cup and then into his own.

“Fill it to the top! Since it can resolve the evil energy within you, drinking more wouldn’t do you any harm.”

Following his wife’s instructions, Fourth Master Yang indeed filled his cup to the brim.

The two lifted their cups, and Dong Suzhu playfully intertwined their arms, wanting to do a toast.

Smiling gently, the couple drank as if reliving their wedding night.

As the Wan Yao Ling Ye entered their stomachs, both of them smacked their lips, savoring it carefully.

The elixir smelled fragrant and tasted quite good. They couldn’t help but marvel at how their son managed to concoct it.

What a delightful aftertaste!

Exchanging smiles, Fourth Master Yang hadn’t even gotten the chance to speak when suddenly his complexion changed drastically, turning beet red. The next moment, Dong Suzhu’s True Yuan surged uncontrollably within her, and simultaneously, an incredibly terrifying energy exploded from her abdomen.

The expressions on both of their faces turned alarmed. The entire room seemed to be caught in a wild tempest, tables and benches turning to dust in an instant, and the walls acquired thousands of slash marks left behind by the raging True Yuan.

Without daring to hesitate, they quickly seated themselves cross-legged on the floor, running their cultivation methods to guide the monstrous energy wreaking havoc in their meridians.